readme.md, before:

# COVID-19 detection by X-ray images  

That project is a development approach to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN).

## Contents

* Objective
* Role
* Dataset
* Tools
* Models
* Code
* Results


## Objective

Develop and train and AI which classifies and identifies chest illnesses: COVID, viral pneumonia, bacterial pneumonia.

## Role

Freelancer consultant for Hospital in Toronto. Automate the proces of identifying and classifying chest illnesses. Reduce costs and dectection times.

## Datasets
The Data Team has already classify chest X-Rays available in the folders: data_train and data_test.

#### Labels:
0 - COVID
1 - Healthy
2 - Viral Pneumonia
3 - Bacterial Pneumonia

## Tools
* Google Colab
* Google Drive
* Tensorflow 2.9.1
* PowerPoint

## Models
The models of the different compiled, trained and optimized deep neural networks are included in the following [link to google drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1of7vzhRlGzL_IuX8OR9_Ew0f0CWjYPbr?usp=sharing)

## Code
The different versions of the Python notebooks are contained in the [code folder](https://github.com/aldamepi/ironhack-final_project/tree/master/code).

## Results
In the [presentation folder](https://github.com/aldamepi/ironhack-final_project/tree/master/presentation) there is a PowerPoint which introduces the development steps and reveals the main results for the classifications.



[likedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alberto-mengual-/)

Commit message:

presentation in google drive - readme

readme.md, after:

# COVID-19 detection by X-ray images  

That project is a development approach to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN).

## Contents

* Objective
* Role
* Dataset
* Tools
* Models
* Code
* Results


## Objective

Develop and train and AI which classifies and identifies chest illnesses: COVID, viral pneumonia, bacterial pneumonia.

## Role

Freelancer consultant for Hospital in Toronto. Automate the proces of identifying and classifying chest illnesses. Reduce costs and dectection times.

## Datasets
The Data Team has already classify chest X-Rays available in the folders: data_train and data_test.

#### Labels:
0 - COVID
1 - Healthy
2 - Viral Pneumonia
3 - Bacterial Pneumonia

## Tools
* Google Colab
* Google Drive
* Tensorflow 2.9.1
* PowerPoint

## Models
The models of the different compiled, trained and optimized deep neural networks are included in the following [link to google drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1of7vzhRlGzL_IuX8OR9_Ew0f0CWjYPbr?usp=sharing)

## Code
The different versions of the Python notebooks are contained in the [code folder](https://github.com/aldamepi/ironhack-final_project/tree/master/code).

## Results
In this [llink to google drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1w09KgcR1lrrl05yasEMO8cLNfwXB9y9u?usp=sharing) or in the [presentation folder](https://github.com/aldamepi/ironhack-final_project/tree/master/presentation) there is a PowerPoint which introduces the development steps and reveals the main results for the classifications.



[likedIn Profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alberto-mengual-/)
